Can't apply [Authorize] on page handler methods (#18676)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/authorization/simple.md

> [!WARNING]
> `[AllowAnonymous]` bypasses all authorization statements. If you combine `[AllowAnonymous]` and any `[Authorize]` attribute, the `[Authorize]` attributes are ignored. For example if you apply `[AllowAnonymous]` at the controller level, any `[Authorize]` attributes on the same controller (or on any action within it) is ignored.

<a name="aarp"></a>

## Authorize attribute and Razor Pages

The <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.AuthorizeAttribute> can ***not*** be applied to Razor Page handlers. For example, `[Authorize]` can't be applied to `OnGet`, `OnPost`, or any other page handler.

The following two approaches can be used to apply authorization to Razor Page handler methods:

* Use separate pages for page handlers requiring different authorization. Moved shared content into one or more [partial views](xref:mvc/views/partial).

> * For content that must share a common page, write a filter that performs authorization as part of [IAsyncPageFilter.OnPageHandlerSelectionAsync](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Filters.IAsyncPageFilter.OnPageHandlerSelectionAsync%2A). The [PageHandlerAuth](https://github.com/pranavkm/PageHandlerAuth) GitHub project demonstrates this approach:

Reviewer: Could we call out that this does not work in conjunction with the rest of ASP.NET Core auth's system, so verify that using this approach works correctly for your application.

  * The [AuthorizePageHandlerFilter](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/tree/master/aspnetcore/security/authorization/simple/samples/3.1/PageHandlerAuth/AuthorizePageHandlerFilter.cs) implements the authorization filter:
  [!code-csharp[](~/security/authorization/simple/samples/3.1/PageHandlerAuth/Pages/Index.cshtml.cs?name=snippet)]

  * The [[AuthorizePageHandler]](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/tree/master/aspnetcore/security/authorization/simple/samples/3.1/PageHandlerAuth/Pages/Index.cshtml.cs#L16) attribute is applied to the `OnGet` page handler:
  [!code-csharp[](~/security/authorization/simple/samples/3.1/PageHandlerAuth/AuthorizeIndexPageHandlerFilter.cs?name=snippet)]

> [!WARNING]
> The [PageHandlerAuth](https://github.com/pranavkm/PageHandlerAuth) sample approach does ***not***:

> > * Compose with authorization attributes applied to the page, page model, or globally. Composing authorization attributes results in authentication and authorization executing multiple times when you have `AuthorizeAttributes` or `AuthorizeFilters` also applied to the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Compose with authorization attributes applied to the page, page model, or globally. Composing authorization attributes results in authentication and authorization executing multiple times when you have `AuthorizeAttribute`(s) or `AuthorizeFilter`(s) also applied to the page.
```

Reviewer: or something like that.
